adds notes on chapter 4 and 5. (#8)
meshula/wrinkles: wrinkles-book/Wrinkles_in_time.md

<!-- do you want to provide references into the code base? IE: Reference implementation [Treecode](../src/treecode.zig) -->

Figure 23 demonstrates this efficient encoding scheme applied to an example composition tree.  A left branch is used to represent a synchronous start and a right branch is used to represent a sequential start.

![Figure 23](assets/17469129264672.jpg)
***Figure 23**: Succinct bitstream encoding of the composition tree where 1 represents the root, 0 represents sync starts, and 1 represents sequential starts.*

This encoding provides a highly efficient representation of the temporal topology.

<!-- Does this ^ statement require any further analysis or support? -->

## Every Node Has a Unique Identifier

Using this bitstream encoding, every node in the tree has a unique identifier that encodes its path from the root. This provides several advantages:

> 1. Immediate parents and children are trivially identified (by removing the last bit or appending them)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Immediate parents and children are trivially identified (by removing trailing bits or appending them)
```
